Hubble: improve security by adding an option to redact API key in Kafka requests (L7) (#25844)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/observability/visibility.rst

and ``VISIBILITY POLICY`` fields, it must run with ``--endpoint-status=policy``
to make field values visible.

Security Implications
---------------------

> Monitoring Layer 7 traffic comes with some serious security considerations in
> terms of handling potentially sensitive information, such as usernames,
> passwords, query parameters, API keys, etc.

Reviewer: Edits for clarity, no Latin abbreviations
```suggestion
Monitoring Layer 7 traffic involves security considerations for handling potentially sensitive information, such as usernames, passwords, query parameters, API keys, and others.
```

.. Warning::

> By default, Hubble does **not** protect potentially sensitive information
> present in `Layer 7 Hubble Flows
> <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/tree/master/api/v1/flow#flow-Layer7>`_.

Reviewer: Indent, omit bold
```suggestion
    By default, Hubble does not protect potentially sensitive information
    present in `Layer 7 Hubble Flows <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/tree/master/api/v1/flow#flow-Layer7>`_.
```

To harden security, Cilium provides options to configure how Hubble handles
sensitive information present in Layer 7 flows. More specifically:

> * **HTTP**: redact URL query parameters
> * **Kafka**: redact API key

Reviewer: Omit bold
```suggestion
* HTTP: redact URL query parameters
* Kafka: redact API key
```

> For more information see :ref:`Cilium Configuration <configuration>`.

Reviewer: Specific is better than general, comma nit
```suggestion
For more information on configuring Cilium, see :ref:`Cilium Configuration <configuration>`.
```

and ``VISIBILITY POLICY`` fields, it must run with ``--endpoint-status=policy``
to make field values visible.

Security Implications
---------------------

Monitoring Layer 7 traffic comes with some serious security considerations in
terms of handling potentially sensitive information, such as usernames,
passwords, query parameters, API keys, etc.

.. Warning::

    By default, Hubble does **not** protect potentially sensitive information
    present in `Layer 7 Hubble Flows
    <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/tree/master/api/v1/flow#flow-Layer7>`_.

To harden security, Cilium provides options to configure how Hubble handles
sensitive information present in Layer 7 flows. More specifically:

* **Kafka**: redact API key

> * **HTTP**: redact URL query parameters

Reviewer 2: IIUC this is part of https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/25746 so let's wait for it to be merged before merging this PR.

In future versions, Cilium will also support the following:

* **HTTP**: sanitize specified headers
* **HTTP**: sanitize user info in URL

> 

Reviewer 2: Without a set plan for theses feature (i.e. deadline or event release target) I would prefer to avoid mentioning them in the documentation.

```suggestion
```

Author: @kaworu this makes sense, we will remove those from the doc.
